	
FOR FARMER,WOLF,GOAT,CABBAGE
	For the farmer, Wolf, Goat and Cabbage?problem, the best strategy for this kind of problem is by graphing out the option you have. 
And also keeping in mind that most river-crossing puzzle will require you to take something back from the other side of the river. 
So, to start off with this problem, we know that Goat and Cabbage can't be in the same side without the farmer; Goat and Wolf can’t be in the same side without the farmer. 
Now, we can see the relationship between each object, and the only way these object will be safe without the farmer is when Wolf and Cabbage are on the same side. 
Wolf and Cabbage state is important and we should keep that in mind when thinking about our move, since it is the only safe state without Farmer. 
Now understanding each state, we should try to move around the safe state and exploring available options. 
	So, it will be clear that our only first move is to take the Goat across. 
And then we have two options, one is to take Goat back, which return to the start state and that is a waste move. 
And the other option is to return alone, which is the only option we can do since option one is just a waste move. 
Now, we have two options not counting the waste move(farmer go back alone), one is to take Cabbage across and the other is to take Wolf across. 
Both of them are safe move, so we can pick any of them. 
Since the previous move doesn't matter, I will say we take the Cabbage across this time, and the result now is Farmer, Cabbage, Goat on one side and Wolf on the other side, 
what is our available option now? Our only safe option is to either take Wolf back or take Goat back, but taking Wolf back is a waste move, so we have to take Goat back.
 Now, we face the same problem, should we take Goat across or take Cabbage, and using the logic from previous move, our only option is to take Cabbage across. 
Now, we have Farmer, Wolf, Cabbage on one side and only Goat on the other side, and farmer just have to go back and take Goat across to solve this puzzle. 

FOR WATER JUGS
	A successful strategy according to the online website for the Water Jugs puzzle is to make a representation in a math equation, mp+nq=k if q>p and q>k. 
For example, if we were given two jugs, a 5 gallons jug and a 3 gallons jug, p would be 5 and q would be 3. 
And the problem ask for 4 gallons, then k would be 4. 
So now, try to think of a number for m and n that would make 5m+3n=4 true. 
There can be many solution for this, and one solution could be 3x3 + (-1)x5 = 4 as example given from the website. 
So, after we find the math representation of the problem and find values for n and m to make the equation.  
n and m represent the number and what action we should do, with negative mean pour out and positive mean fill up. 
To put in the preceptive of our example, we got n=3 and m=-1, which mean in order to get 4 gallons, we would perform 3 times fill up of the 3 gallons jug and 1 pour out for the 5 gallons jug
But the order and the action of pouring into another jugs are not still unknown from the equation. 
	Even though the equation don¡¯t give the full picture of solving the problem, but it is a good start and we can get very useful information from it. 
To solve our example problem, we know we have to do 3 fill in the 3g(3 gallons) jug and 1 pour out in the 5g(5 gallons) jug. 
If we think about it a little bit, we can see the solution to be filling up the 3g jug and pour them all in the 5g jug. 
Then we fill up the 3g jug again and pour to the 5g jug until full, and since the 5g jug have 3 initially, it will take a additional 2 more gallons before full. 
So, we can only pour 2 gallons in the 5g jug and leaving us with 1 gallons at the 3g jug. Now, we pour the full 5g jug out and pour the 1 gallons from 3g jug into the 5g jug. 
Then we fill up the 3g jug again and pour it into the 5g jug, giving us 4 gallons.

FOR 8 PUZZLE
	There is no absolute successful strategy for 8 puzzle, because there are random start state. 
But there are some good strategy to keep in mind while doing the puzzle. 
First of them is to understand your goal state and keep in mind the position of each square. 
his is important because if a roll or corner is correct and all the square fit in their goal state, don¡¯t move if necessary. 
The second strategy from many people while solving this kind of puzzle is to work on a small part first, many said focusing on a smaller area help them solve the puzzle successfully. 
This mean if we are work on a 8 puzzle, the strategy is to work on the first roll first or a 4 square corner first. 
ork on small area and then combine together at the end is strategy I like personally. 
The last strategy people use is to create chain of square, which mean for 8 puzzle, making 3 follow by 2 and 2 follow by 1. This strategy work best on bigger puzzle.

How many different states are possible in the search space for each puzzle?
	For the FWGC puzzle, there isn¡¯t much possible state to search, since about half of the state will not be safe and end up not in the search. 
If we count the total state, including unsafe state, we will get 4x4 = 16 state, but there are unsafe state and repeat state, so the the amount of searchable state is 10. 

	For the Water Jugs puzzle, the search state is hard to count and it depend on the size of both jugs.
 If p and q represent the size of each jugs, and p > q and 2q !>p. We will have 3 status for p jug, full, empty and take the value of q from pouring. 
Also, q jug will 3 status, there are full, empty and take the value after pouring into p. So, the searchable state is 3x3=9. 

	For the 8 puzzle, it is even harder to count the searchable state, because the size of it. 
So, there are 8 square and 1 blank, but we will also count the blank because it will create different state. 
So, 9 different status for each square, which will give us 9!, but the interesting fact is, about half of those state are not possible. 
Which mean you can¡¯t reach them in a normal 8 puzzle, and exactly half of them. So, the searchable space is (9!/2)=181440.

